### Source

**Stochastic Modeling and Quality Evaluation of Infrastructure-as-a-Service Clouds**

IEEE Journals & Magazines

**IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering**

2015

IF: 2.696

### Abstract

Cloud computing is a recently developed new technology for complex systems with massive（大量） service sharing, which is different from the resource sharing of the grid computing systems. 

In a cloud environment, service requests from users go through numerous provider-specific steps from the instant it is submitted to when the requested service is fully delivered. Quality modeling and analysis of clouds are not easy tasks because of the complexity of the automated provisioning（供应） mechanism and dynamically changing cloud environment. 

This work proposes an analytical model-based approach for quality evaluation of Infrastructure-as-a-Service cloud by considering expected request completion time, rejection probability, and system overhead rate as key quality metrics. It also features with the modeling of different warm-up and cool-down strategies of machines and the ability to identify the optimal balance between system overhead and performance. 

To validate the correctness of the proposed model, we obtain simulative quality-of-service (QoS) data and conduct a confidence interval analysis. The result can be used to help design and optimize industrial cloud computing systems.

### Note to practitioners

Analyzing their QoS plays an important role in understanding and improving the quality of cloud computing systems and cloud-based applications. However, it is a great challenge with their increasing scale and complexity. A careful investigation（调查） into existing methods has found their limitations when applied to address the QoS analysis challenge: 

1. incomplete modeling of details such as machine provisioning, request handling, and machine failure/repair process
2. reliance on measurement-based QoS data that require extensive experimentation and real-system tests
3. separate modeling of provisioning phases which simplifies the solution but loses accuracy. 

To over-come these limitations, we propose a comprehensive（综合的）quality determination framework for Infrastructure-as-a-Service clouds. It features with: 

1. taking machine provisioning, request handling, machine occupation/releasing, and machine failure/repair process mechanism into a unified（统一的） analytical model
2. employing（使用） queueing networks as the fundamental means of QoS analysis
3. analytical solutions of three important QoS metrics
4. analytical modeling of different strategies of machine warm-up/cool-down and the ability to identify the optimal balance between system overhead and performance
5. a confidence interval analysis to validate model correctness based on simulative QoS data. 

The proposed（推荐） framework can aid the design and optimization of industrial cloud computing systems and practitioners’ understanding of QoS aspects of cloud-based applications.

### Index terms

* Cloud computing
* infrastructure-as-a-service (IaaS) 
* modeling and analysis
* quality-of-service (QoS).


### I. INTRODUCTION

1. IaaS 架构科普
2. IaaS 的 QoS 需求非常迫切，传统软件的 QoS 模型又不能应用在 IaaS 云上
3. 用户最关心两个 QoS 指标
   * request completion time
   * rejection probability
4. 基于测量的方式不好，迫切需要 IaaS 云的综合分析 QoS 模型

### II. RELATED STUDIES

### III. SYSTEM MODEL

1. CMU 处理机制（队列）
2. PM 的四种状态，及状态转换
3. 热状态 PM 的错误和修复
4. 给图 IaaS 云请求处理和任务分配执行的流程图

### IV. QOS MODELING OF IAAS CLOUDS

1. 做假设（到达时间、执行速度的分布）
2. 推导 expected request completion time

### V. RESULTS

1. 离散事件仿真来验证模型
2. 改变参数来分析 QoS 结果并进行比较
   * early warm-up and early cool-down strategies
   * varying PM repair rate
   * arying job execution rate

### VI. CONCLUSION

1. 本文为 IaaS 云的 QoS 提供了一种决策模型，有助于进行系统负载和性能的最优化平衡
2. 未来研究的方向