### 1. Offloading Strategy [1]

* For each component service, we generate the input/output data and the workload according to a **uniform distribution**. 
* We also generate a mobile user’s moving trajectory according to the mobility model introduced in Section 3.2. 
* The mobile network covering the moving trajectory is simulated **according to a real-world distribution of base stations**.
* Furthermore, the CPU rate of mobile devices and cloud servers is simulated based on practical cases and a battery model simulates the mobile devices with a CPU and a radio module.

### 2. Risk Model for Mobile Service Composition [2]

* We generate our service compositions with **randomly** inserted tasks and control structures. 


* For each task, we **randomly** created a number of candidate services, each with a different QoS. 
* The QoS attributes of each service were generated from a **uniform distribution.** 
* The probability function of the user’s staying within the required range follows a **normal distribution** N (μi , σi2 ). The mean μi is generated uniformly from [0.5RT, 1.5RT] in which RT is the overall response time of the composition where the worst candidates are selected for each task. The standard deviation σi is set σi = 0.1μi.

### 3. Mobility-Enable Service Selection [3]

* We generated our service compositions with **randomly** inserted tasks and control structures.
* For each task, we **randomly** created a number of candidate services, each with a different QoS. 
* The response time of each service was generated from a **uniform distribution**. 

### 4. Constrain-driven Service Composition [4]

* For each task, we generate a number of candidate services **based on the real applications**, each with a different QoS. 
* For each composition requirement, we generated a number of QoS and temporal constraints **randomly**. 
* For the providers’ mobility, each service provider $p_i$ has a **random** available time $Av_i$ which follows **normal distribution** $N(\mu_i, \delta_i^2)$ . We set the mean is uniformly generated from [0.5RT, 1.5RT] where RT is the aggregated response time of the composition by selecting the worst candidates for each task. And the standard deviation $\delta_i$ is determined by  $\delta_i = 0.1\mu$, Under the $3\delta$ tule,$Pi$’s leaving time window $[t_ a, t_ b] = \mu_i- 0.3\mu_i, \mu_i+ 0.3\mu_i]$. 
* The experimental flow structures are **randomly** generated in the experiments.
* Given the number of tasks, we regard every task as a plan. Then we **randomly** choose a composing structure from sequence, choice, parallel and iteration. If iteration is chosen, then we **randomly** select a plan, add the iteration to it and **randomly** generate the probabilities of the iteration times. If sequence, choice or parallel is chosen, then we **randomly** choose two plans and compose them with the chosen structure. The execution probabilities of each branch in choice structure are also **randomly** generated. This process is repeated until there is only one plan left.


### 5. Mobility-aware Service Composition [5]

We have implemented a proof-of-concept simulation tool, named MSSC_Simulator.

* Data Generation: MSSC_Simulator can generate the related data to describe an MSSC. The data generated include the geographic data, users’ mobility data, and services data.
* Activity Simulation: MSSC_Simulator can simulate the activities mentioned in Section III-B. Users would behave according to the input parameters. These parameters include critical point count, user count, users’ pause time, users’ velocities, execution time of services, users’ step-length (the number of critical points that a mobile user moves across), users’ sensing distances, the number of tasks of composition requirements, service candidate count per task, and map size.

### 6. Mobile service selection for composition: an energy consumption perspective [6]

* mobile paths are **randomly** generated on a convex region that is divided into a set of small checks
* signal strength of each point is **randomly** generated by a cosine function
* The input and output data size for each service is **randomly** generated from 5 to 100 and the response time for each service is **randomly** gen- erated from 5 to 10
* execution time services is **randomly** generated from 5 to 20 s

### Refference

[1] Deng, S., Huang, L., Taheri, J., & Zomaya, A. Y. (2015). Computation offloading for service workflow in mobile cloud computing. *IEEE Transactions on Parallel and Distributed Systems*, *26*(12), 3317–3329.

[2] Deng, S., Huang, L., Li, Y., Zhou, H., Wu, Z., Cao, X., … Li, L. (2016). Toward risk reduction for mobile service composition. *IEEE Transactions on Cybernetics*, *46*(8), 1807–1816.

[3] Deng, S., Huang, L., Hu, D., Zhao, J. L., & Wu, Z. (2016). Mobility-enabled service selection for composite services. *IEEE Transactions on Services Computing*, *9*(3), 394–407.

[4] Deng, S., Huang, L., Wu, H., & Wu, Z. (2016). Constraints-Driven Service Composition in Mobile Cloud Computing. In *Web Services (ICWS), 2016 IEEE International Conference on* (pp. 228–235). IEEE.

[5] Deng, S., Huang, L., Taheri, J., Yin, J., Zhou, M., & Zomaya, A. Y. (2017). Mobility-aware service composition in mobile communities. *IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems*, *47*(3), 555–568.

[6] Deng, S., Wu, H., Tan, W., Xiang, Z., & Wu, Z. (2015). Mobile service selection for composition: an energy consumption perspective. *IEEE Transactions on Automation Science and Engineering*.